MAINS



THE EMBLEMATIC NDOLÉ

Typical of Cameroonian cuisine, ndolé is considered the national dish. It is available according to individual preferences, and can therefore be prepared with shrimp, meat or smoked fish. The ndolé is actually a shrub, belonging to the Vernonia family. Its leaves are the main ingredient. They are also served with peanut paste, plantains, cassava or rice. The little extra of ndolé: in Cameroon, this plant is used as a remedy against many everyday ailments.

£ 16



LE POULET DG

DG chicken is one of Cameroon's most famous specialties. DG means General Manager, because the dish was initially reserved for an elite. Fortunately, it has become democratized today and everyone can savor it! This dish consists of fried chicken, plantains, various vegetables (carrots, green beans, tomatoes, etc.), a touch of chili and ginger. A delight !

£ 19



LE POISSON BRAISÉ

It is usually a sea bass, mackerel or sole, topped with a djansan sauce (a local spice). The accompaniment consists of plantains and miondos (cassava sticks). A delight for any fish lover!

£ 16



NKÔNO NGOND OU LE METS DE PISTACHE

Originally from eastern Cameroon, the pistachio dish stands out as a holiday dish. Its presentation is neat and takes the form of a cake. Its paste consists of pumpkin seeds, to which we add meat, fish or eggs: you decide! The particularity of this Cameroonian specialty lies in the cooking: the cake is wrapped all the way by banana leaves.

£ 16



LE KOKI

Koki is a typical dish from Cameroon, it comes in the form of a cake. This recipe consists of mashed beans, palm oil and a blend of spices. In Cameroonian tradition, koki is steamed in a banana leaf foil. This process gives it its fruity fragrance. In addition, the cake takes on a beautiful yellow color, which makes you want to go for the tasting.

£ 16




ENTREES



La salade niçoise

The Niçoise salad is a traditional culinary specialty of Niçoise cuisine, to this day widespread throughout the world in many variations and adaptations. It is one of the main starters in Provençal and Mediterranean cuisine, even a meal in its own right.

£ 16



La salade cesar

A Caesar salad is a green salad of romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with lemon juice, olive oil, egg, Worcestershire sauce, anchovies, garlic, Dijon mustard, Parmesan cheese, and black pepper. In its original form, this salad was prepared and served tableside.

£ 16



Oeufs mimosa

Deviled eggs or devilled eggs, also known as stuffed eggs, Russian eggs, or dressed eggs, are hard-boiled chicken eggs that have been shelled, cut in half, and filled with a paste made from the egg yolks mixed with other ingredients such as mayonnaise and mustard.

£ 16



Tabbouleh (Taboulé)

Tabbouleh is a Levantine vegetarian salad made mostly of finely chopped parsley, with tomatoes, mint, onion, bulgur, and seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, salt and sweet pepper. Some variations add lettuce, or use semolina instead of bulgur. Tabbouleh is traditionally served as part of a mezze in the Arab world.

£ 14



WINES


Le Saint-Julien

Saint-Julien is one of the essentials in terms of French wine. Whether for a romantic dinner or an important event such as a wedding or a professional evening, this wine will find its place and will amaze your guests. It is surely recognized by its freshness and its balance.

£ 34


Le Sauternes

It is probably the most famous white wine in the world. Since everyone has their own taste and preferences, the producers made sure to create Sauternes with a different flavor. We can therefore find wines with lemon, caramel, acacia or even guava. However, you can also turn to a Château d’Yquem.

£ 46


Le Chateauneuf du Pape

In the Chateauneuf du Pape region, growing grapes has become a common and trendy act. And this for generations. For many years, the wines made in this region have always been able to seduce people in the four corners of the world.

£ 46


Saint-Emilion

Saint-Emilion is the oldest terroir in the Bordeaux region. These wines are considered to be the most robust. They are extremely colorful, generous and they reach maturity more quickly than other wines. Saint-Emilion is only a production of red wines.

£ 50
